Create AppCatalog CRs for compatibility (#806)
giantswarm/app-operator: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Create `AppCatalog` CRs out of `Catalog` CRs in the cluster namespace for compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create `AppCatalog` CRs from `Catalog` CRs for compatibility with existing app-operator releases.
```
